Next is putting this stuff in the database & building the online engine. (I'm officially calling the engine itself, Vector.) I will give you a wireframe for what I'd want the end result to look like; I think I'd want to include a spiderweb/satellite graph where each node is one of the five areas.

Oh, also: we need to come up with recommendations for when ratings are low, including priorities to focus on (based on how various factors influence each other--I have that mapping already). I've grouped things in an orthogonal direction as well, into Brain Time, Build Time, Cleanup Time, and Calendar Time; these basically are categories describing how time should be spent in making improvements across planning, constructing, cleaning/investigating, and communicating/interacting, respectively, to get the improvements to work.

Oh, also: on the radar chart, i'd like to show two things: in white, maybe show where they currently are in the 5 areas; and in green, i'd like to show where they could be in, say, 1 month, or whatever period of time they specify, so they have a visually clear way of knowing what to expect if they make the right changes, and maybe a red one of where they'd be if they make no changes at all (and yes, things CAN get worse, not just "no improvement"), based on information they provided; a small company with high growth potential can get bad fast if they don't adapt; a large company going steady is likely going to stay where they're already at if they make no changes.

And note too: by investing now, your improvement is not future best minus current; it's actually future best minus future would-be-if-we-did-nothing--and that gap can be much larger than just using current state. Because as things grow, tech debt accumulates, which means you're never staying still. That should be called out.

$197 is just right to charge for something like this. A large price can be hard to negotiate with higher-ups, I think, especially if they think they already know what needs improving. Rarely will a company say "oh we have no idea what's going on, let's get insight". High confidence in their current state--right or not--means low value of my tool in their opinion; but that low value is exactly why I will get in. Because low value means low stakes, and low stakes means less prohibition. And that will allow them to see, mathematically, why their assumption is wrong, in the most unexpected, low-stakes way.

Then, provide the option to add more people, again at a low rate, less than $197 each. It's a discount for already using the tool & makes it so that "we already have it, adding another person is not that much more". That gets more people on-board, and collaboration increased. And the increased collaboration will either start a discussion of why they disagree amongst themselves, or build a synergy of why they all agree that my services are needed; or, the synergy could be about why they all agree I don't need my services, but they wouldn't purchase additional licenses just to confirm that. So multiple licenses are more likely to get my full services in the door.